---
layout: post
title:  "change is really fucking hard."
date:   2022-2-27 09:08:00 -0700
---

it just is.

we think motivation, education, incentives, etc. are gonna be enough to get us to pick up our habits and move them somewhere else.

but change is really fucking hard, and it doesn’t really work out like that.

web3 is kind of asking us to change everything. but not *everything*, just, like... *nearly* everything.

change your social graph, change your social platform, change your conception of identity, but don’t change your values. change how you work, change how you think about compensation, change how you organize, but don’t change your passion. change how you spend, change how you save, change how you invest, change how you share, but don’t change what you need.

change change change, don’t change. 

it’s all very complex.

and it’s asking us to do it all at once. 

---

one of the critical pieces to an effective change management strategy is: only change one thing at a time.

if you're trying to get employees to switch to a new ticketing system, you might change your ticket template, *then* your labels, *then* your software, and ***then*** your processes. 

you do them each one at a time, slowly, and with a lot of supervision. before you even start the process, you build in feedback systems, and create educational materials to help people grasp the context and purpose behind the change. you establish champions for the change within each team affected by it, and create timelines and milestones to outline a successful implementation of that change.

but not in web3.

> in web3, there's no such thing as a "transition team" lol

no, here, we're all asked to revolutionize everything we touch, and then do it again because the first time was just another experiment, and there were quite a few things that didn't work out.

i have a background in corporate training. i've seen some things work out, and i've seen a lot of things fail.

and the current state of onboarding in web3 is... not gonna make it.

some really brave and unfortunate souls are going to do the work of wading through muck and flood waters. many are going to yell "follow me!" before they find solid ground, and we're gonna lose a lot of people along the way.

they're not gonna die, but, well... they're definitely turning back.

---

web3 is a maze with a hundred doors, a thousand mirrors, and a million exits. 

if you want to stay in it, you'll have to work for it. 
