---
layout: post
title:  "let's take a step back"
date:   2022-05-06 16:03:00 -0600
published: false
---

first of all, *we are changing the world.*

seriously. in the future you're gonna tell some whippersnapper "i used to transact directly on Ethereum," and they're gonna say "i hope it was worth it" and you'll say "i remember the Gnosis Safe" and they'll be like "woah only banks have those now" and you'll be like "yeah, banks and *me*" and you'll show them an NFT that went to zero and they'll be like "that's so cool."

really.

which brings me to my second point. look at this word:

> early.

'cause i'm gonna say it a lot, and i've already said it so many times in my head that this [word has become a sound](https://tedxlasso.tumblr.com/post/642862823546945536/word-become-a-sound-whats-that-called-again) and misery loves company, so i'm just warming you up.

---

now take a deep breath.

for real.

5 seconds in. 5 seconds out.

did you do it yet?

because if you're like me, it's been 6 months to a year since you've closed your eyes for any appreciable amount of time, and you could really use a hot bath. 

so take your deep breath and then brace yourself.

---

you're *early*, anon.

okay?

that's *all*.

it doesn't mean "i should set up as many chairs as i can so i can tell people at the party that i set up the most chairs before it started."

it doesn't mean "i need to be standing at the doors to make sure the right people get in."

and it doesn't mean "i'm running out of time."

all it really means is that ***the party hasn't started yet.***

---

lets imagine you show up for work early. or for class. or a concert.

now, what you do in this type of situation says a lot about you. 

and if you're like me, then you spend the entire time between when you arrived and when the event begins debating wtf to do with your hands and also whether being early makes you a prude or not before you finally walk in the building.

if you're not like me, then congrats on your great life. you can probably stop reading here.

---

